if you have been feeling disrespected
overlooked or like people don't value
you that's about to change you deserve
respect honey and we are going to make
sure you get it hi guys my name is Mika
and welcome to my channel in today's
video we are going to talk about how to
make people respect you for good I want
you to be respected as you deserve and
there are simple steps that you can
follow to be respected more by others
let's get into this first of all I want
you to know respect is something that
you will not get handed over for free
you have to earn it first and of course
say thank you say please respecting
others will help a lot but respecting
others doesn't make others respect you
that's very important and how you earn
it it starts with yourself you need to
respect yourself first in order to be
respected by others self-respect is the
foundation for literally everything you
will be thinking I'm respecting myself
and still other people don't respect me
honey I have to tell you that's
impossible if you respect yourself it's
impossible to be constantly disrespected
by others because self-respect has so
many nuances and self-respect includes
boundaries you don't even give them them
space to disrespect you the first and
most important step for me to have
self-respect is to respect your own word
if you respect your own word you are not
going to say I'm going to the gym
tomorrow I'm starting to eat healthy
next week I'm cleaning up my room and
then you're not going to do it because
you know what you're doing when you say
something to yourself and then you're
not doing it you are simply
disrespecting yourself think about a
friend of yours or anyone else who ever
told you or she's going to do something
for you and then she's not doing it how
are you thinking of this person this
person is simply not respecting you
unless something really bad happens and
there is a really great explanation for
what has happened this person is not
respecting you same as with your
yourself if you don't keep your word if
you don't respect your word enough to
actually do what you tell yourself you
are going to do you're justce respecting
yourself when you start to respect your
own commitments others will respect them
as well and with respecting your word
and yourself naturally you will feel the
need to set boundaries setting
boundaries is another really important
thing to nurture self-respect if you are
are not setting boundaries you are
giving others permission to treat you
how they want let's say someone makes a
silly joke about you someone makes a
joke about how your dress looks or how
your hair looks but for him he thinks
it's funny but for you this is not funny
at all for you it feels disrespectful
and it makes you feel uncomfortable
instead of laughing and brushing it off
you stand up for yourself and you say
listen I don't find this funny I don't
like you're talking to me that way and
that's it or you're just staring this
person in the eye and not laughing
that's another way to Simply make it
clear that this is your boundary and you
do not allow this Behavior so you are
setting your boundary more or less you
make clear with words or with looks this
is what I need without buts without
because and you will notice that people
are following what you need they are
adjusting their behavior to what you
need and if they don't these people are
simply not meant to be in your life
believe me you will thank me later get
rid of those people before they even can
disrespect you more it's not going to be
better boundaries are not mean
boundaries are very necessary in order
to teach other people how you want to be
treated and how you don't want to be
treated another super important point to
nurture your
self-respect is to protect your time
like gold stop being available to
everyone all the time if someone calls
you with something that can be done in
another moment or can be talked about on
another day you can just say something
like I'm busy right now I will talk to
you later and even if you're not busy
please please I beg you make yourself
busy and even if you don't find a way to
make yourself busy make it up make up
that you're busy don't be the person
that lays around that actually tells
friends or the person that you want to
date oh I'm just lazy I want to lay
around at home this doesn't make you
interesting and this doesn't make you be
respected because a person who respects
yourself wouldn't just linger around and
not do anything with their life so
minimum make it up people will learn
that way that your time is precious and
honey precious things are respected
people always respect what's rare and
hard to access to so stop be available
24/7 for everyone that has to stop from
today from now and by the way when
you're constantly saying yes to
everything people will take you for
granted anyways and that's not something
we are aspiring to be no one wants to be
taken for granted just think about
Hermes for example Hermes and their
Birkin bags in order to get a Birkin bag
in the Hermes store
you have to have spent already a minimum
amount in their stores and even after
that you will be on a waiting list in
order to get a Birkin bag the Birkin bag
is not just available in any store you
cannot find them in any outlet store you
have to make your way even with all the
money you have you have to make your way
to get a Birkin bag from Hermes so
please honey be more like a Birkin bag
and very hard to access instead of a
Mich course for example that is
available in every brand outlet store
for sale you want to be like a bin bag
saying no doesn't make you mean it makes
you exclusive it's how you teach people
that your energy is a privilege and not
a right as I said before just as her mes
protects the value of their working bags
you need to protect your value of
yourself and please honey stop getting
out of your way in order to be
everything for everyone spend your time
with people who uplift you and not just
anyone who ask for it you have to be
selective your presence becomes a gift
when you are selective and then people
will treat you that way earlier this
year I just wanted to have people around
me and I let everyone in I was just
being friends with everyone being
friendly with everyone and I wouldn't
even notice people would make jokes
about me I was just thinking oh that's
them I'm laughing it off I'm brushing it
off I am allowed these people to
disrespect me on another level I don't
want that anymore I cut all of these
people off I am just spending time with
people who uplift my energy who uplift
me and who respect me as the person I am
today I am with people who respect me
the way I am respecting myself today the
same way as with your time goes with
your information not everyone needs to
know everything keep your private life
private the more you keep things for
yourself the more Curious people will be
and the more they respect you because
you are not giving every information for
free for everyone it's like people have
to work to have access to know what you
are up to and I can just tell from my
personal experience recently I have
really been more by myself I have not
going to any events and just yesterday
I've been again and people were asking
me what I've been up to what's going on
they just want to know they get curious
and they treat me with a different kind
of respect because I'm just saying it's
personal thank you for understanding I'm
just being so busy thank you for
understanding I'm just loving my life at
the moment that's it that's what make
people respect you mystery makes people
respect you more always apart from this
let me tell you something not everyone
deserves your
energy Sometimes the best way to gain
respect is to rise above a situation
rise above the noise and not engage at
all sometimes you just have to be quiet
and let your silence speak louder if
someone disrespects you don't go down to
their level for example if someone makes
a rude comment pause look at them and
then continue whatever you were doing
just be even unbothered that's the
silence this silence is louder than any
argument it says you're not even worth
for me to open my mouth to argue
anything with
you silent look and that's it when
everyone else is panicking or arguing
the person who stays coralm always
stands out if someone is yelling in at
you respond calmly and say I would like
to have this conversation with you once
we are able to talk in a calm and
peaceful manner use calm Words Be
peaceful even though this person
disrespect you because honey
self-control is power and IAL about this
in my last video it's responsibility
over your feelings your thoughts don't
let your feelings your emotions overtake
you not every fight is worth your energy
and if a situation isn't serving you at
all simply walk away and forget about it
that's not weakness that's wisdom I was
always thinking I need to be quiet I
need to brush it off in order to be
respected but please don't mix it up
quiet and not even taking it into
consideration are completely different
things you can be peaceful you can be
calm and you can still make the person
know that you don't accept certain kind
of behavior toward yourself without
using a lot of words now let's talk
about how to enter a room like you own
it the way you walk in a room can say
more than your words ever will be able
to say your frequency and the way you
show up is so much louder than words
it's unbeliev believable sh us back chin
up and walk like you are supposed to be
in this room walk like these people are
all waiting for you to arrive don't rush
move with purpose and show confidence
even if you don't have it yet it will
come fake it till you make it and I know
I get it if you are also more of an
introvert it can be super difficult to
follow this advice but again that's all
a learning process learning by doing I
was also very introvert and it's just a
matter of how much are you willing to
change for your best version of yourself
for your reality to change how much do
you want it because it's not impossible
it's just going through that
uncomfortable stage of pushing yourself
to do something that you're usually not
doing if you're introvert it's difficult
but it's possible believe me you just
have to push through this uncomfortable
face and get out of your own way yes get
out of your own way but not for others
for yourself it's important to introduce
yourself and make yourself known it's
important to keep eye contact to people
in the room it makes a difference
because not everyone can keep eye
contact not everyone can look into
someone's eyes and say hi I'm happy to
see you my name is Mika and that's it
you don't even have to say more it's
important because it makes a difference
and it makes people respect you it shows
confidence simply take your time when
you enter a room when you enter a space
don't rush don't rush to sit down don't
rush to speak pause take a deep breath
and let people notice your presence
confidence is about patience it's a
about knowing that you belong there and
listen honey if you believe you belong
there you actually do another very
important point to be more respected by
others is the way you dress yourself I
know as a woman I think most of us have
been guilty of dressing too openly of
too much showing our skin too much
showing of our body but let me tell you
something the less you show the more
interesting you are for men and for
women you don't need to get the
attention for looking cheap I'm sorry I
have to say this but if you are wearing
in a certain way you're showing too much
you're showing your body you're showing
your silhouette you're showing your skin
you're showing too much of yourself you
look cheap also if you don't know how to
dress your body type you don't know your
style makes you also cheap look into how
to dress your kind of body and dress
that way it's simple it's modest and
elegant you don't need to get attention
you need respect and respect is not the
same as attention believe me I am very
guilty of this I thought when I'm
showing my body people will like me more
I thought they will like my body so they
will like me that's not the case you
will be
taken for cheap for easy accessible and
respect is out of the door unfortunately
same as the mystery of not giving too
much information the mystery of not
being always available is the mystery of
not showing too much of your body makes
people want to know you more I want to
end this video with saying respect isn't
about being loud or demanding it's about
quiet confidence
that comes from knowing your worth
respect yourself first set your
boundaries and respect them protect your
energy and stop giving your time to
people who simply do not deserve it walk
into every room like you belong there
because in the end you do belong there
and never forget you deserve to live the
life you dream of but it starts with how
you show up for yourself thank you so
much for watching see you in my next
video bye- bye